#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - Sweet Crazy Love"
JinSoul: The photo shooting for our repackage album is completed!
Kim Lip: We did it with more girl crush style!
JinSoul: It's tough two times more than before!
JinSoul: With all our effort, we'll prepare really hard!
JinSoul: Be prettier, be more professional
JinSoul: And we will find the camera well
JInSoul: And we will not forget the lyrics and make more natural facial expression!
(Anyway they have quite a big ambition!)
Kim Lip, Choerry: Right!
JinSoul: And we won't make mistakes while dancing!
JinSoul: We will prepare everything perfectly!
JinSoul: If you will recognize these all effort, we'd really appreciate it!
Until now, Mix&Match!
Thank you~ It's been LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE!
(LOOΠΔ TV for 'Sweet Crazy Love' MV will be continued, from the next episode!)"
JinSoul: I hope you look forward to it!
Kim Lip: Please look forward to it!
Choerry: Please look forward to it!